You should have collected two bags of the robot doing a figure-8, one in simulation, and one on the real robot. Play back both of these bags on the real robot. Explain any signicant differences between the two performances.

The figure 8 motion managed to navigate through the space much more smoothly due to the limited constant motion that was used. Holding a turn with a constant radius appears to be more repeatable than one which varies. Any errors in heading when trying to navigate Sieg hall were compounded since the dead reckoning strategy was being used over a longer time. This caused larger and larger drift from the originally intended path which resulted in object collisions.

The figure 8 motion on the robot was much less smooth then the motion on the simulation. This makes sense due to the robots inherent latencies associated with its plant. In simulation there is no plant which we need to drive, we simply post a pose. On the actual robot though, we have to abide by the inputs dictated by the AckermannDrive model which will eventually map to poses based off of a model of an idealized system. These robots will have inconsistencies associated with them ranging from frictional coefficients to power output based on battery levels. Low battery on the controller could result in blips in the ocmmunications. Low power on the ESC might result in weaker drive signals to the wheels. Low power on the WiFi could result in lost packets in the communications. I do not know if the packets are TCP or UDP based transmissions but if they are basic UDP broadcasts, these could definitely be missed.



Is the robot successfully able to navigate through Sieg Hall when playing back the corresponding bag? Note any deficiencies in performance. Explain why these deficiencies might occur.

The robot was NOT able to successfully navigate through Sieg hall. There were a couple of reasons, one big one appearing to be signal issues with the controller. If the individual holding the bumper was to far away or had some temporary loss of communication with the robot it would cease to read the RB button press. This resulted in the robot pausing its motion while the bag still played resulting in missed frames being communicated to the robot. These missed frames in addition to stalled motion resulted in pretty large errors for the motion path. Additionally the jittery nature of the turning resulted in inconsistent path trajectories that greatly compounded our course error.
